OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/main/aspnet/runwidgetapp.md

> 1. If you haven't already done so, set up your Okta org by completing the steps located at [Set up your Okta org for a password factor only use case](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/aspnet/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-a-password-factor-only-use-case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you haven't already done so, set up your Okta org by completing the steps in [Set up your Okta org for a password factor only use case](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/aspnet/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-a-password-factor-only-use-case).
```

1. If you haven't already done so, [download and set up the sample app](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/aspnet/main/).
1. Locate the sample apps solution file in the following path:
`...\okta-idx-dotnet\samples\samples-aspnet\embedded-sign-in-widget`.
1. In Visual Studio, open `embedded-sign-in-widget.sln`.
1. Right-click the `embedded-sign-in-widget` project (the sample app), and select **Set as startup project**.

> 1. Add a `okta.yaml` configuration file. See [Option 1: Create a configuration file](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/aspnet/main/#option-1-create-a-configuration-file) for more information on how to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the `okta.yaml` configuration file. See [Option 1: Create a configuration file](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/aspnet/main/#option-1-create-a-configuration-file) for more information on how to configure
```

   and where to place the configuration file.
1. Click Visual Studio's play button and run the solution. The default web browser should open and navigate to the app's home page. The URL should be `https://localhost:44314`, which is the default address when using IISExpress. After the app loads, click the **Sign In** button located on the home screen.
1. On the sign-in page, enter the username (email) and password that you used in [Create your Okta account](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/aspnet/main/#create-your-okta-account).

   ![Displays the Sign-In Widget](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-sign-in-screen.png)

> 1. Sign in to the app. If you've successfully signed in, the app redirects you to the user profile page that displays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to the app. After you've signed in successfully, the app redirects you to the user profile page that displays
```
